 Nailed it. So, I want to speak to you on a subject today. We're going to start a new series and it's called Carnality versus Divinity. Carnality versus Divinity. And I really truly believe that the Lord wants to bring a shift to the house. The shift that he's bringing, a lot of times when we hear the word shift, we think that the spirit of the Lord is just going to move in the house. We're just going to experience all of this. But the shift is really in our understanding. The shift is in our understanding how we perceive and how we see. In Hosea 4-6, he says, my people perish for lack of knowledge. Once you get a certain level of knowledge, your life begins to change. You begin to change. You stop perishing. You stop going through stuff that you don't need to go through because you have an awareness, you have an understanding. So the shift that we have been hearing about, that God's been prophesying about, is not necessarily the move of God. And that's what we're used to, but God is doing something different. The shift is in awareness on the inside of us and understanding that we have not walked in. And so, I want you to be very, very in tune and alert with what the Lord is saying because this teaching, I believe, is going to really anchor us in our true identity as believers, as believers in Christ. Amen? Are you with me? All right. No sleeping, no dozing. If somebody sleeps, nudge them. Say, wake up. Can't miss this. Jesus' name, the devil is a liar. 2 Peter 1-2-4 is our foundational scripture for this series. 2 Peter 1-2-4 and it says, grace and peace be multiplied to you in the knowledge of God. If you want grace and you want peace, you need the knowledge of God. So we can't remain ignorant and ask for more peace. Grace and peace be multiplied to you in the knowledge of God and of Jesus, our Lord, as His divine power has given to us all things that pertain to life and godliness. His divine power has given to us all things that pertain to life. Everything that pertains to life and godliness have been given to us. Through the knowledge of Him, there's knowledge again, through the knowledge of Him. How much do you know Him? Not what's been preached to you, what you know, through the knowledge of Him who called us by glory and virtue, by which have been given to us exceedingly great and precious promises. That through these, through the promises that the Lord has made to us, the promises He has made to us, through these we may be partakers of the divine nature, partakers of the divine nature, having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust. That is our foundational scripture for this series that we are embarking on. We're going to keep coming back to this and we are going to unpack this so that we can walk in it in the name of Jesus. Amen? All right. So last week, I shared some things with you. I'm going to reiterate some points because I think it's absolutely essential that we continue to move together because God is taking us somewhere. We are preparing now in 2025 for what God wants to do in 2026. We are preparing our hearts. We are preparing our minds. We are shifting our mindsets and our paradigms so that by the time we get to 2026, we can walk into the fullness of that which the Lord has for us. It takes time to shift the heart. You can change your mind in a moment, but the heart doesn't move as fast. We need some months of teaching, of praying, of interceding, and seeking the face of the Lord so that we can come into proper alignment with Him. So last week, I was sharing with you that there's a pattern that we see in Scripture. There's a pattern that we see in Scripture when the Lord wants to do something. The Lord first calls a man and when He calls that individual, and when I say man, it could be a man or a woman, God calls a man and then when He calls that man, He calls that man so that he can gain a house or a people so that he could take a region. He calls an individual. He calls that individual and that individual has to be consecrated to the Lord. That means that that individual has died to this world. That means that they're not tied to this world. Money can't move them. Stuff can't move them. Women can't move them. Men can't move them. Titles can't move them. Positions can't move them. Nothing. They are not tied to this world. They know that they are here for a reason and that reason is His mandate. God gets a person who is consecrated to Him. Consecrated to Him. That means that nothing can move them. And that's not a lot of people. So God finds that individual, sanctifies that individual, because to prune that individual, is to cleanse that individual, deal with some issues of the heart. Are you with me? Because many of you are that individual. Cleances the individual, deals with deep heart issues, mind issues, mindsets, beliefs, lies that they believe, identity issues. God begins to prune the individual and brings them into alignment with an identity that lines up with who He says they are. Okay? So He does that. He calls them. They are consecrated. They are sanctified unto Him. Then He puts His Spirit in that person. He puts His Spirit upon that person. He puts His Spirit in that person. Then He sends that person to a people. Sometimes it's to your family. Sometimes it's to a church. Sometimes it's to a small group of individuals. And then you begin to see the Spirit that is on that person begin to impact the individuals that they have been sent to. So that God can begin to multiply what He has done in the one. He wants to begin to multiply what He has done in the one, so that He gets a group. Now He gets a group, and by that group He can take a region. He could take a city. Now we see this over and over and over in Scripture. This is a pattern. And we saw that with Joshua. We see that when Moses dies that God calls Joshua. And I want to read to you what He says to Joshua in Joshua chapter 1 verse 1. Very important for us to understand. Joshua chapter 1 verse 1. After the death of Moses, the servant of the Lord, it came to pass that the Lord spoke to Joshua, the son of Nun. Moses' assistant saying, Moses, my servant, is dead. Now therefore arise, go over this Jordan. You and all these people to the land which I am giving to them, the children of Israel. Every place that the soul of your foot will tread upon, I have given you, as I said to Moses, from the wilderness and this Lebanon, as far as the great river, the river Euphrates, all the land of the Hittites, and to the great sea towards the going down of the sun, shall be your territory. No man shall be able to stand before you all the days of your life. No man shall be able to stand before you all the days of your life as I was with Moses. So I will be with you. I will not leave you nor forsake you. Be strong enough, good courage, for to this people you shall divide as an inheritance the land. So you see he's talking to him, he's imparting life to him, he's committing to him, and then he's sending him to a people, Israel, so that they can take the land. Divide as an inheritance the land which I swore to their fathers to give them. Only be strong, say only be strong. Church we gotta learn to be strong. All this depression stuff, despair, breaking down, falling apart. That's not our portion. That's not our portion. Be strong enough, good courage, for to this people you shall divide as an inheritance the land which I swore to their fathers to give them. Only be strong and very courageous that you may observe to do according to all the law which Moses my servant commanded you. Do not turn from it to the right hand or to the left that you may prosper wherever you wherever you go. This book of the law, this book of the law shall not depart from your mouth. This book, this book, this book, this book right here, this book that we rarely read shall not depart from you, from your mouth, but you shall meditate in it day and nights that you may observe to do according to all that is written in it for then you will make your way, you will make your way, not I, you will make your way prosperous because this is in you. You will make your way prosperous and then you will have good success. So God calls these people, right? God calls this man, commissions him, charges him and then after he talks to Joshua this the Bible tells us in Joshua chapter 3 verse 5 that Joshua then goes to the people and tells the people sanctify yourself. That means put away from you the stuff that defiles you, the stuff that doesn't please God because God wants to do wonders in our midst. God wants to do something powerful in our midst so God speaks to him, he goes to the people, he tells the people. God wants us to take the land so you have to sanctify yourself, check yourself, anything that's not like him, put it away. Anything that would grieve him, walk away from it, die to it, whatever would cause you to stumble because God wants to do something great in our midst. God has called us to do something awesome and something powerful and we are going to take a land that's full of giants, full of demons, full of principalities, powers, rulers of darkness, all kinds of sorcery, all kinds of witchcraft, they've got armies, they've been trained for battle but the spirit of the Lord is actually calling us who have never known any battle to be the ones to take the land. He talks to one, the one talks to a group, the group sanctify themselves and they go and take the land. I want you to know today and I'm going to keep reminding you, God is doing that again today. God is doing that again today. There is a city that needs to be won for the Lord. That city is Tulsa and God spoke to Tasha. Tasha is speaking to you and saying God wants to do something great in our midst and you're looking and you're like how are we going to do this? It is not by might, it is not by power, it is by my spirit says the Lord. I need you to understand we cannot have a mentality like the first generation Israelites where we see ourselves as grasshoppers. We see ourselves as too little. We see ourselves as not having enough. We see ourselves as too weak. We see ourselves as too divided. We see ourselves as too many issues, too many problems that seeing yourself as a grasshopper. Are you with me? We got to die to that grasshopper mentality. How are we going to take a city? It is not by might, it's not by connections, it's not by money, it is by the very spirit of the Lord. The spirit of the Lord. When Joshua had that encounter with the Lord and God was telling him, Joshua be strong and he's hearing God speak to him. He adjusted. Moses is gone. He had to adjust in his mind. He had to adjust from just being an apprentice to Moses. Now you are leading millions of people. You're the one I'm calling. You're the one I'm setting in place. He has to adjust his mind. People we have to adjust to greatness. We have to adjust to greatness. Mediocrity is so normal. Mediocrity is normal. Paycheck to paycheck is so normal. Getting up working and then eating and dealing with problems and repeating that day in and day out is so normal. You have to adjust to greatness. You have to adjust to victory. You have to adjust to dominion. You have to adjust. Ah, celebo coy and arrabacquia. And part of the adjusting is putting aside everything that so easily besets you that you're entangled in. That relationship you're entangled in. That lust that you're entangled in. That gossip you're entangled in. He went to the people and say sanctify yourself. Sanctify yourself. And it don't take all night. It don't take all day. You can make a decision today. This mess I've been in, I'm done. This work that I've been doing, I'm done. This relationship I've been in, that's not of God. I'm done. Because we are crossing over. We are crossing over. Jesus did the same thing. God, the Father sent his son, the theanthropos, the God man. And Bible says that the Father anointed Jesus with the Holy Ghost and power who went about doing good works. So he is sent that he gets his 12. And after he gets his 12, they take and mess up city after city after city after city. God doesn't need a mass of people. Just needs a few who will sanctify themselves. Come out from among them. You know we don't preach that anymore. You could just serve God however you want. And then we preach grace, grace, grace, grace, grace, grace, grace. You know mercy, mercy, mercy, mercy, mercy, mercy, mercy. You can live there if you want to. But I understand that God's original intent was not for me to live in grace but to live in dominion. Some of us our past speaks to us much louder than God does. Some of us that what your father said to you and what your mother said to you or what this person did to you speaks to you louder than the voice of God that's speaking to you right now. That idol needs to come down. God is calling us, Zion's Gates. God is calling us. God is calling us. God is calling us. And I told you last week there has to be a house in Tulsa. There are over 4,000 churches in Tulsa County. There has to be a house that carries the glory. There has to be a house that's not about the numbers, that's not about the fame, that's not about preaching self-help and how you can blow up your business and how you can blow up your ministry. There has to be a house that is totally 100% focused on the kingdom of God and the glory of God. There has to be a house that's willing to sacrifice and sacrifice and sacrifice until we see the manifestation of the hand of God in our midst. There has to be a people that says, here I am, Lord, use me. There has to be. There has to be. Church. It's rare. It's rare. It's very, very rare. God gave us some requirements in our last series. God gave us some requirements. He said that there's some things that we need to address. We need to address the false voices that we hear, the false Christs, and we need to also address old wineskins. False Christs, Christians are hearing a Christ that's not the real Christ. God told me, God told me, and it's not God. It's a false Christ. Very prevalent today. And we're going to teach on that, but not today. Today, we are going to address an old wineskin. Old wineskin. In Mark chapter two, verse 22, are you with me? Mark chapter two, verse 22, it says, no one puts new wine into old wineskins. No one puts new wine into old wineskins, or else the new wine will burst the wineskins. And the wine is spilled, and the wineskins are ruined, but new wine must be put into new wineskins. Why is that? Old wineskins are dry and rigid, and new wine ferments and bubbles and needs the skin to stretch. And God is, Jesus is using this illustration to talk about those of us who are stuck in a way of worshiping Him, stuck in a way of walking with Him, stuck in a way of seeing Him. And God is trying to do the new thing, and it's bubbling up, and you can't contain it. You cannot move with Him, because you're stuck with the same prayer, the same worship, the same kind of devotion, the same mentality, the same level of revelation. And God is trying to pour something new into us, and He said, if you're going to be able to contain the new, you have to die to the old, even if it worked for you for the last 15 years. Well, this always worked for me. It won't work for you for the new assignment that I have for you. You need to die to it. This is for all of us. We all have our habits. We have our habits. We have our way of how we worship, of how we pray, of how we see God, of what we do, how we give, how we, what we give, all of that. We have our habits. And God is like, I cannot work with that old system, and I cannot work with that religion. I cannot, I cannot, I cannot. And church, you live one time in this earth. You don't get to do 25 over. If you're 50, you don't get to do 49 over. You did that year, and what you did is what you did. At the end of your life, the level of impact is dependent on whether you were able to shed the old, take on the new, shed the old, take on the new, shed the old, take on the new, move with God, be flexible with God, shift with God, so that at the end of your life, you can say, yep, I shifted over there, I shifted over there. God gave me new revelation. He shifted me over here. But if you are demanding that things go your way and operate according to how you want to do it, you will look at the end of your life, and all you will have is regrets. That's all you will have is regrets. We just read that God, through His divine power, has given us everything that we need for life and godliness. Everything, everything that we need. So we are talking about shifting from old wineskins, and one of the wineskins is how we have been taught. How we have been taught. We have been taught a Christianity that focuses on salvation. It focuses on salvation. Romans 3.23 says, for all have sinned. For all have sinned, right? And fall short of the glory. Do you realize most of us growing up have only been introduced to the solution of sin? All have sinned. What's the solution? We preach about the blood, we preach about repentance, we preach about grace, we preach about mercy. And then this, but it also says, and, something else happened. We have sinned and we fall short of the glory. And so the theology that we have preached in Western society has not captured how to walk and regain the glory. We have focused on getting people saved. Once they get saved, do some Bible study and discipleship, and then get plugged into church and serve in the church. But we have not taught on how to walk in the glory that we lost. And so because of that, Christians struggle. There's the sin issue. Then there's the dominion issue. There's the glory issue. All have sinned and falling short of the glory of God. And now the wine skin that God wants to give us, the new wine skin has to do with walking in glory, walking in glory. We are no longer looking for revival. I want to tell you, revival is yesterday's move. You know what revival is? The spirit of the Lord coming in despite where people are. He'll use one person. He don't need a group. One person, despite where people are, move and people get saved. Move and people get healed. Move and people come to the Lord. Revival days are over. It's the glory days now. What we mean by that is the individuals have to carry the presence. I have to carry God. Gabby carries God. James carries the weight of his presence. Are you with me? That's different from God touching you and you having an encounter. And then three years later, we see you and you're in a bar and we're like, wait a minute, did you have an experience with God? I want to talk to you about this because we can't take a city without it. You can't shift your family without it. Are you ready to listen? Whenever you study scripture, throughout scripture, you see God's heart is to work through man. That's his heart. God never intended to work apart from us. In the beginning when he created Adam, and I want you to see how he created Adam. He created Adam in his likeness and in his image. He created him in his likeness and in his image. When God gave Adam instruction, God gave Adam instruction that maybe a thousand men would have to carry out. He gave him instruction based on capacity. He gave him instruction based on the fact that he has a divine nature, that he is not just human. He's not just human. When God created Adam before the fall, Adam walked with God. There was a oneness with God. There was a communion with God. The presence of God, the spirit of God sustained his spirit. His spirit was one with God's spirit. So when God gave instruction, he did not give him instruction based on just human capacity. He gave him instruction based on the fact that you are linked with me. You are one with me. So he says, Adam, take dominion. Subdue the earth. Not subdue your house. Not subdue your backyard. Subdue Adam. Subdue the earth. I'm going to bring every creature that I have created. I need you to name them. We have problems naming our children. Then at a time, every single enemy, that's taxonomy. That's being able to call that thing according to its essence. Are you with me? You didn't just call it boo. You know, we make up crazy name. I was talking to someone and they were calling their child and they called their child, Stank. Stank, come here. I said, what did you call? What did you call? What did you just call your son? Stank. I said, why do you call your son Stank? Why do you call? Why do you speak that over your child? Adam. So Adam called each animal. Then he had to name the fowl of the air. He had to name the creatures in the sea. He had to take dominion. He had to speak. He had to speak over the earth. This is not something that one person does unless you have divine capacity, unless you are linked to a source and an ability that empowers you to do more than a human being can do, to see more than an average human being can see, to take more than an average human being can take. So when God is saying that we have fallen from the glory, he has said that you have lost the capacity that came from being linked with me, that came from being one with me. Now you operate as mere men. Now you operate as mere men. You can't handle much. You can't take much. I can't deal with this. That's too, I can't deal with it. I can't deal with it. It's too much. I'm overwhelmed. You operate as mere men. But when you were linked with me, there was capacity. And God has been over time showing us my heart is not just for you to stop sinning. As a matter of fact, you can't stop sinning unless you have divine capacity over sin. That's why a lot of you still struggle. You don't walk in the glory. You fall, you repent. You fall, you repent. You fall, you repent. You fall, you get back up, repent. You fall, you cuss. You do it again and again. You have no capacity over sin. So as you begin to study scripture, you start to see a pattern. You start to see that God now is trying to restore and give us a picture of how he wants to walk with us, of how he wants to engage with us. So we see people like Moses and he calls Moses. He's like, I'm just going to have to keep doing this so they get a picture. He calls Moses and he consecrates Moses, sets Moses apart, take your shoes off. Where does this shoe represent? His way, his world, his walk. These shoes, can you walk in these shoes? Y'all like my shoes. These shoes have been some places. I come into the presence of the Lord. God says, don't take that here. Don't bring this here. Don't bring where you been here, which a daddy did here, which a mama did here, what you did on the streets here. This is holy ground. Take that off. Take that off. And see, we keep trying to bring all that to the Lord, all that and have God work that. God says, tie to that. Come into a holy place. Take that off. Has an encounter with God and God says something to him to shift his mind. You know what God says to him? He said, you will be as God to Pharaoh. He didn't say, I'm sending you as a prophet, an apostle that you will be as God to Pharaoh. What is he saying? When you speak, I move. If you say the waters are going to turn to blood, I will do it, Moses. I will do it. I will do it. I will do it. I will do it. I will do it. I will do it. I will do it. I will do it. I will do it. I will do it. I will do it, Moses. You will be as God to shift your psyche. You are no longer just a human being. Shift your mindset. You are no longer operating just as a human being. See what we do when we come into, this is the old wine skin. We come to church and we talk about Moses like, ooh, ooh, God used Moses. He's one of the patriarchs and we don't understand that God was just giving us a glimpse. He didn't even have what we have today. The spirit of the living God living on the inside. He didn't even have that. In Old Testament time, the spirit came upon. The spirit did not live within. The spirit came upon and we're like, ooh, ooh, Moses was this. Moses was that. And not understanding God is just giving you a glimpse of who and what you're called to do and be. Just a picture. And then he gives us another picture with Gideon. Gideon is hiding in the wine press. Midian and Amalekai is just ravaging and taking their stuff. And he's trying to hide and thresh some wheat for his family so that they won't steal the wheat while he's hiding like a coward. Being a human being, the spirit of the Lord rises up and says, you man of valor, I am calling you to take the land. Same thing he's doing today. Same thing he's doing in this house. Some of y'all have been hiding. Some of y'all have been running. And God is saying, I've been calling you to take a city. So he goes to him. Then he tells him, this is what I'm calling you to do. After fleecing God a gazillion times, he decides, okay, it is God. Then he says, I'm going to get as many people to go fight these Amalekites. God says, no, I just need a few. I just need a few. Like the ones in this house today. I just need a few. He ends up with 300 men to fight hundreds of thousands of men. The Bible says the men that he were fighting were like locusts. They were like the sand of the sea. If you were to look at the armies of the Amalekites and the Midianites, you couldn't see where it ended. And all he had was 300. Like the time the battle was over, 120,000 men died of the Midianites with 300 men. Because it's not by might. It's not by power. It's not by spirit. We see the same thing with Samson. What man can you tie with ropes? What man can you put shackles on? What man can you put any kind of bondage on and just breaks it like it's nothing? God is giving us an illustration, a demonstration of the might, the spirit of might that rests upon us. Nothing should be able to hold you. Addiction shouldn't be able to hold you. Alcohol shouldn't be able to hold you. Drugs shouldn't be able to hold you. Profanity shouldn't be able to hold you. All of that pornography shouldn't be able to hold you. The spirit of might upon your life breaks that stuff. Anything the enemy tries to shackle you with, witchcraft, bondage, sorcery, curses, the spirit of might breaks it off of you. God is giving us a picture. A picture, a picture, a picture. Then you get to Elijah. Elijah is calling down fire. Then you have the child of the woman that he was staying with dies and he goes and lays on top of the child. The life of God on him resurrects that child. The life of God upon us is supposed to resurrect life into those who are dying. We get to the New Testament. Peter is walking. His shadow is healing people. His shadow is healing. You get to Paul. He can't make it to everyone. So he takes handkerchiefs and puts them on his body and touches them and sends the handkerchief. And whoever touches the handkerchief is healed. It's always been God's will to work through us. It's always been God's will for us to be one with him. It has always been God's will for man to be one with him. Colossians chapter one, Colossians chapter one verse 26 says the mystery, this is a mystery, the mystery which has been hidden. This is the mystery that has been hidden from ages and from generations, from ages and from generations, but now has been revealed to his saints. What is that? To them God willed to make known what are the riches of the glory of this mystery among the Gentiles. And what is that mystery? It is Christ in you. Christ in you. The hope of, wait a minute, the hope of what? The hope of what? So all have sinned and fallen short of the glory, but Christ in you is the hope of restoring that glory. See we think, we think the hope of glory is us making it to heaven. Is us making it to heaven. These at all have sinned and falling short of a standard of living, a standard of execution, a kind of walk, a level of dominion, but Christ in you now is the hope of you restoring that place of dominion, walking in that level of execution. That's why he can turn around and say, I can do all things through Christ. It is Christ in you. It is not the seated Christ. It is the Christ within. So the old Christianity, the old wine skin is us just praying to the seated Christ. When the seated Christ is saying, you are filled with my spirit, rise up and walk, do it, speak to it. If you speak to it, my spirit within you is addressing it. You know, I look at Christians, we look so pathetic. We look so pathetic. We're depressed. We're down. We're frustrated. We battle with same issues over and over and over. We deal with insecurity. We deal with insecurity. We deal with inadequacy. We deal with deep frustrations. Can you know why we deal with all of that? You know why we deal with all of that? Because we are self conscious instead of Christ conscious. Judah come. So here I am. I am. I've been rejected by my father, abandoned by my mother, gone through some drug. This is hypothetical. My parents didn't abandon me or reject me. But I've gone through all this hardship, right? Gone through all of this hardship, crazy stuff in my life, abuse over and over and over and over. Okay. He represents the spirit of God on the inside of me. He represents the spirit of the Lord. I got baptized when I came into the Lord, when I gave my life to Christ. How do I know that I'm saved? I know that I'm saved because the Holy Spirit bears witness with my spirit. It's not just that I confess Jesus. The Holy Spirit says, Tasha, you're one of us now. Tasha, you're a child now. You're a son now. The Holy Spirit bears witness with my spirit. I belong. I belong. I belong. And so the spirit of God rests on me. So now I've gone through all of this drama in my life, abuse in my life, all kinds of stuff. It's all in my heart. It's in my subconscious. I'm dealing with it. And God's telling me, hey, Tasha, I'm calling you to take a city. And I'm just like, how am I going to take a city? Now Jesus is right here. Jesus is right here. The problem that we have, the spirit of the Lord lives within me. The problem that we have and what we do is when we come into the house of the Lord and the spirit of the Lord is on the inside of us, we do not focus on the Christ within. We focus on self, what I've been through, what I'm going through, my struggle, how inept I am, how I fall short, how insecure. You are going to be insecure because in your own humanity, you don't have what it takes to do what he's asking you to be and to do. But if, if I can shift off of being self-centered, self-conscious, just me, me, me, and we know the whole world is just totally self-conscious. All we're doing is selfies, right? Selfies, selfies, selfies, selfies, selfies, selfies, selfies, selfies. And then when we're going through, pray for me on Facebook, pray for me, going through, pray for me. I got a child, pray, girl, people just don't know how to, how to be right and I can't take people. I'm done with people and we're putting it all on Facebook. Self, self, self, self, self. But if you can take the focus off yourself and focus not up the Christ within, there is another power on the inside of me. There is another strength on the inside of me. There is another one on the inside of me. That one can do what I cannot do. Where my strength ends, his begins. And that's why he says, let the weak say, I am strong because where my strength fails, he picks up. He completes me. So now my capacity has been enlarged. So when God speaks to me, when God speaks to me, God is not speaking to me. God is speaking to him in me. God is not speaking to me. God is speaking to the Christ in him. You are going to take the city, you are going to take the city. You are going to take the city. If this becomes more than a message and it becomes a revelation in justice section right here it's over for Tulsa it's over for Tulsa it's over for Tulsa but when we receive a mandate when we receive a call I go to church and there's a prophet he says the Lord come here God has worked for you come here James God has what was just spoken has just been released into the atmosphere all of the spirit realm now looks at James and says he's a threat he's a threat he's a threat he's a threat let's get him not to focus on him let's get him to stay focused on himself let's get him to try to do it in his own strength so all these prophetic words that are going forth we see most people not fulfilling their prophetic word because most of them are operating in self-consciousness and it's when we die to self and we turn to the Christ within and we allow the Christ to come on the front and lead the self that's when you begin to see progress but we come to church and every sermon has to be about self self is this discourage self is depressed self is going through who cares self doesn't have the capacity to even deal with life it is Christ in you that's the hope of you operating in a level of glory in a level of dominion in a level of execution in a level of walk where now everything around you may be falling apart and it's almost like it's not touching you you go through the fire you don't smell like smoke it does not consume you because of the Christ within the fourth man has shown up in your life and you are conscious of him I want you to understand something can you come up here I want you to understand something Christ can be in you Christ can be in you Christ in you my people perishing for the lack of knowledge you notice that your grace capacity peace increases through the knowledge the more knowledge the more understanding you have of the Christ within stronger you walk the more you take the less you understand what you carry the less you are ignorant of the power that's within the more you do this the more life beats you up the more the enemy can put curses on you but when you understand the Christ within curse me if you want to try to curse me it won't land it will do nothing to me can you curse Christ can you bind Christ can you put him in shackles can you put him in a cage can you hinder him can you trip him up can you block him can you stop him if you can't stop him if you can't block him if you can't curse him and he's in me you can't block me you can't curse me you can't hinder me so now listen the focus now gets off the devil ah so rubber keel no rubble soka so where I used to be all focused about what people are doing what they're what they're releasing against me now it's like boing boing boing boing boing and I can say focus on purpose I can say focus on what God has called me to do when you have this revelation your whole prayer life shifts everything changes trust me everything changed for me everything changes you're not even afraid anymore afraid of what afraid of what there's no reason when Christ is in the picture there's no reason we're gonna stay on this because now what is gonna help us understand is divine health divine prosperity it's all the glory is the Christ within it's the Christ within and when we start walking in this revelation church church the city that God has poured so much into through patriarchs that have gone through and now we see couldn't see knows everywhere we're last in education high crime mental illness our city with all these churches we will see God turn that around and you won't just see it in people coming to the Lord you will see the statistics change people will move to Tulsa because the spirit of the Lord is hovering over a city a city set on the hill cannot be hid he wants Tulsa set on the hill but you know the right before he talks about the city he talks about the person you are the light of the world a city set on the hill so the city is always tied to a person if God wants to city he first has to find a person and that person has to first be the lights and then once he gets that one lights the spirit of the Lord on that one person will ignite it in many others and with the others he will take the city we have committed to tithe our week one day a week Tuesday that we fast the entire day and we come here at 7 30 for prayer we have committed to doing that if you haven't committed and you remember join us for the rest of this year we're not playing God's can't deal with wishy-washy people you show up a few Tuesdays and you you don't show up make the commitment so that God can sanctify us consecrate us and the revelation of what is being taught can come alive on the inside of you it's not gonna work with it being head knowledge it's not gonna work with you just saying amen good word pastor it has to become reality you have to become it and that requires spending time on your face before the Lord every Tuesday we are fasting from the moment your eyes open to the moment your eyes close I have given you that day and I'm not fasting for my issues my problems it is not self I am focused on the Christ within thank you bow your heads with me do do you